Things still to be done, based on my analysis of the BASIC code:
$HOME/web/new/comp/tech/advent/nos/basic-notes

To do:
	Handle "quit" command
	Handle "scream" command: "Yaaaagh!", then nothing happens
	Dropping water: "It soaks away." Then the water is gone for good
	"open door" at shed results in "My key won't fit!"
	Drinking whisky makes me stronger for 6 turns, then: "I feel weaker."
	"I've already done it!" for sarcophagus already open
	"I've already done it!" for whisky already drunk
	"I've already done it!" for thicket already chopped
	"I've already done it!" for hole already dug
	"It's locked!" when opening either door without key
	"He doesn't want it." when giving something other than coins
	"Time passes..." pause "Nothing happens." for wait
	"Nothing happens" when saying anything
	"It bounces off." when thowing the axe at the wrong thing
	GO BUS when it's not present: "It's not here."
	CLIMB LADDER when it's not present: "It's not here."
	GET SHARK: "He doesn't seem to be too keen on that idea: He's eating me!"
	CHOP TREE: "What's the point?"
	TIE anything but rope: I can't tie a NOUN
	TO anything but rail: I can't tie a rope to a NOUN
	CLIMB anything but ladder and rope: I can't climb a NOUN
	READ anything other than a book: I can't read a NOUN
	OPEN anything but door or sarcophagus: I can't open a NOUN
	DRINK anything but whisky (even water): I can't drink a NOUN
	THROW anything but the axe: I can't throw a NOUN
	CHOP anything but tree or thicket: I can't chop a NOUN
	DIG anything but hole: I can't dig a NOUN
	TIE ROPE if not carried: I don't have it.
	GIVE COINS if not carried: I don't have it.
	READ any book if not carried: I don't have it.
	DRINK WHISKY if not carried: I don't have it.
	THROW AXE if not carried: I don't have it.
	LIGHT LAMP if not carried: I don't have it.
	GET ROPE when it's tied: "It's tied to a rail!"
	GET WATER when without the empty bottle: "I need a container."
	TO anything when without rope: "I haven't got a rope."
	AT anything when without axe: "I need an ax."
	LIGHT anything without match: "First I need a match."
	After failed LIGHT, another try: "Using a SPENT match?"
	LIGHT anything other than lamp: "It won't burn."
	DIG without spade: "I'll need a spade."

Can't be done:
	Climbing rope carrying more than one item, fall and die
	If on bridge carrying more than one item, fall and die
	If carrying 4 or more objects, the ladder breaks

